uh-oh uh-oh they're ringing the bell
ding
ding what's happening hello and welcome
to the second season of learn English
with
Minecraft my name is Kenzo and this is
English from the ground up and of course
this is the series where I teach English
while playing
Minecraft so here we are back in my
Minecraft world in the first season of
this series I killed the Ender Dragon
and beat the game and I made the first
season for
beginners but this second season I'm
making at an intermediate level of
English so I'm going to speak faster and
closer to how I normally
talk and in this first episode of the
second season I'm going to build a
villager
breeder and I found a tutorial on
YouTube this tutorial by lazyan
Farms a tutorial is something that
teaches you how to do something so in
this case this tutorial will teach me
how to build this villager breeder in
Minecraft I'll leave a link to this
video down in the description
but first let's look at the material
list this is a list of all the things
that I'll need to build this villager
breeder so I'll need 12 building blocks
five slabs one fence four beds four trap
doors four carpets two villagers and
nine stacks of carrots potatoes or bread
wow nine stacks
all right so I'll need to go Harvest
some carrots potatoes and bread or wheat
wheat which can be used to make bread
there we go okay so let's start at the
top 12 building blocks I think I'll use
glass like he did so 12 blocks of glass
five slabs one fence 12 glass five slabs
one fence let's go back to
Minecraft Minecraft back to game
all right let's go pick up some
glass 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 there's
12 glass 1 2 3 4 5
slabs let's see fence there's a fence
okay what else do I need four beds so
I'll need some wool four trap doors four
carpets four beds four trap doors doors
for carpets trap
doors do I have trap
doors I don't see any but I can build
some with wood I think it's like this
yeah there we go okay four trap doors
four carpets do I have wool I
do I think carpets are made with three
wool
no how do you make carpets
carpet oh only two
wool okay I made six
carpets and what else was it oh four
beds um ah I'm going to need more
wool but I think I have sheep in my
barn
um I'll pick up these
shears and go get some wool from my
sheep I heard my farm
activate all
right a creeper exploded right
here let's go in the
barn and let's see I'll take my
shears and I'll use the shears to
collect wool from these sheep
wool okay
that should be
enough and let's go back to my house
four 1 2 3 four and there we go I made
four
beds cool now where should I build this
villager
breeder I'm thinking maybe over by the
enchanting
room I think the sun's starting to go
down
so I'll go to sleep and in the morning
I'll start building the Villager breeder
it's morning
okay let's go over near the enchantment
room yeah let's build it here I'm going
to destroy this
grass all right I cleared this area to
build on um I'm going to fill in this
hole with this
dirt 1 2 3 4 there we go now I'll have a
place to build it okay let's go back to
the tutorial
here we
are and let's watch the first part of
the
tutorial okay three blocks
tall okay and then slabs on top of the
glass
easy I'll take my
glass one 2 three 4
a I already messed it up
[Music]
okay
well all of these are three blocks tall
except for this one which is only
two because I misplaced that
glass back to my house to get more
glass I'm just going to take the whole
stack okay
three there we go now all of them are
three blocks tall now I need to place
slabs on top of the
glass like
this and there we go we're good let's go
back to the
tutorial okay I'll place a fence in the
middle and then beds all around the
fence all
right fence and now I'll place the beds
all around the
fence bed bed bed and one more there's
the last
bed
okay carpets in the
corners and then trap doors in the
middle okay let's do it so I'll take my
carpets and I'll place them in the
corners one two 2 3 4 now I need to
place the trap doors in the
middle all right one 2 3 4 awesome this
is going
well
okay let's try building this with
glass all right I think it was like this
two three four let's go up with my dirt
um okay I think it was like that yeah I
think I did it
right and then two glass like
that trapo in the
middle glass block there okay I think I
can do that back to
Minecraft um I think it was like this
one
two and
then a
trapo what I need another
trapo I guess I'll make a crafting table
real
fast and build one more
trapo okay there we go I'll destroy the
crafting table okay and I'll place it
right
there I think that's right right and
then a glass block here
okay all right we're doing good okay
we'll build a staircase connecting to
the
ground ah and then we'll build a
railway that goes up there to the trap
door all right let's go down I'll build
that staircase using
dirt uh-oh whoo
oh die what is
this what is this they're shooting me
with
crossbows ah die
die I blocked it
die what was
that a bad
Omen what's this an ominous
Banner
that was
weird
but I don't see
anymore okay I guess I'll go back to
building
this I'll complete my staircase like
that well now I need some
rails so I need to go back to my house I
think the rails are down here in this
bottom chest yep lots of rails and I'm
guessing I'll need a mine cart as
well I don't have a mine cart I guess
I'll have to build one I think it just
needs iron yeah there we go mine
cart all right back to the Villager
breeder in this second season I want to
do more building I want to build some
more huge structures around my
base all right let's take the
rails and let's place them like this
placing the
rails all right I placed all the rails
going up the
staircase so let's pause the game and go
back to the tutorial to see what I have
to do
next bring two villagers to the
top all right well now I need to go find
some villagers and bring them back here
to my base
but it's night time so first I'll sleep
in my bed all right well it's time to go
find some
villagers and to bring them back I'm
going to need a
boat do I have a boat around
here I thought I had a boat
boat is my boat over
here
boat where did my boat
go okay okay so I'm going to need to
build a
boat
boat all right destroy the crafting
table okay oh there's my
boat I think I know where a village is I
think there's a village that
way but if I remember correctly it's
pretty far away so I'm going to be
running for a while okay let's get back
in my boat I think the village is that
way past the
jungle I remember this broken nether
portal all right it's time to get out of
the
boat and I'll pick it
up all
right where is that
Village I think it's that
way aha there's the
village okay so I'm going to need to
bring two villagers is with me whoa a
raid what's
happening uh-oh uh-oh they're ringing
the bell ding
ding what's
happening do I have my bow I
do I'll get out my bow well I don't see
anything
dangerous it looks pretty
safe I don't see any enemies whoa okay
never mind over there all
right die shoot shoot
shoot
shoot shoot oh I fell down here
what
okay
block die die uhoh uh oh die
die die I've gotten a lot better at
fighting
die ooh that one dropped an
emerald where did the emerald
go there it
is I want that
Emerald
uhoh I hear a
horn oh there are more there are more up
there I'll get out my
boat I need to protect the villagers die
die
ah this one's holding an
axe die die die okay this isn't too hard
this is pretty easy it might be because
my sword sword and my bow are really
good another Banner I'll pick up that
Banner oh the bar is
refilling
uh-oh whoa whoa what is that what is
that I'll protect you villagers I'll
protect you I'm going to shoot them from
here shoot shoot shoot shoot
shoot a I'm missing all of these shots
die
die die uh-oh witch I'll shoot the
witch
die that thing was really strong I had
to shoot it many many times it dropped a
saddle
though and the witch dropped some
sugar
[Music]
die die wow there's so many of them
uh-oh it's getting dark the sun's going
down nope nope wow there are three
witches
here oh okay I'm running I'm going back
to the Village it's getting
dark swim swim I'm swimming with a bow
in my right hand and a shield in my left
hand
that's probably not the best way to
swim shoot shoot can I sleep in a bed
sleep okay I want it to be daytime
because it's a lot easier to see during
the
day come on come on die die I can't hit
it I need to get
closer shoot
shoot come come on there we
go
okay
finally finally I killed the
witch but the bar is refilling again how
do I stop
it once again they're coming from this
way there they are oh no another one of
those creatures whoa there's a Pillager
riding that one
okay my bow shoot I'm glad that this
Village is surrounded by water because
they swim really slow through water it
makes them easy to
shoot
die
finally wow there are so
many I'm really glad that my bow has
Infinity on it because I'm firing a ton
of arrows there's another one carrying a
banner
whoa that one was doing some kind of
magical
spell what did they
drop any more emeralds aha another
Emerald another
Emerald
die die die witch die witch it's
throwing potions at me all right I
killed
it we did it
Victory we protected the
village
wow that was a ton of
enemies let's see what they dropped what
is
this what's that
sound whoa
fireworks they're launching fireworks
over there to celebrate our
victory
Victory oh I need to eat uh-oh my bow is
almost
broken I better stop using this bow
until I repair
it actually I'm going to put it
away yeah or else I'll forget okay I
think I picked up everything that they
dropped let's see what I got I've got uh
five ominous banners now
five emeralds that's cool I got a totem
of
undying what is that I don't know what
this does I got two Saddles some sugar
from the witch all right that's pretty
much
everything let's go back to the village
and celebrate what is
that hero of the
village Alexa what's hero of the
village the hero of the village status
effect in Minecraft allows players to
trade with villagers at a reduc rate
oh okay the hero of the village allows
me to trade for better
deals let's try it you want to trade aha
see there's a
discount normally he would want 22
carrots for one Emerald but right now
because I have the hero of the village
where'd he
go he only wants 16 carrots for one
Emerald so it's a better
deal let's check out some of the other
villagers like you
hello okay this one doesn't have a
job this villager is unemployed what
about you are you a
blacksmith
aha reduced rates instead of 15 emeralds
it only costs 11 to buy this
sword
but this is an iron
sword that seems like a bad
deal
hello do you want to
trade let's see oh one Emerald for 16
arrows that's actually pretty good and
wa 23 s for an emerald I'm going to do
that I'm going to do that let's turn uh
this wood into sticks okay I made a ton
of sticks now let's trade them where did
that villager go I just made a bunch of
sticks for him I think I found him I
think it's this guy yeah okay I'm going
to trade sticks for
emeralds
um
yes let's do
it okay I think I did it yeah now I'm at
eight emeralds okay so it worked I don't
really know how trading
Works um but now I have eight
emeralds do you want to trade whoa blue
leather pants it's night time I'm going
to find a bed to sleep in this one right
here sorry buddy I'm going to use your
bed to
sleep h a cat hello Cat uh-oh it's
running away from
me I scared it hey you come here let's
trade okay so I traded with this guy a
little bit and I'm filling up this bar I
think that if I fill up this bar he'll
level up and I'll be able to trade
different things with him so I'll trade
some emeralds for some
arrows there we go I'm almost
there one more
time one more
time okay I fully leveled up
now
what there we go okay
Apprentice so now we can trade different
things like a
bow uh Like Flint well I feel like 19
Flint for an emerald is just a bad
deal and I can build bows really easily
so I don't really care about any of
this um I guess I'll just get more
arrows so now he's an
apprentice I think I need to keep on
leveling him up by doing more and more
trades all right well I guess it's time
to bring one of these villagers back
home with
me this guy this farmer come on get in
my boat my boat my
boat no no I'm trying to push him into
my boat push push push push push oh my
goodness
gracious okay I have another
idea did I do it is he in the
boat aha he's in the boat
okay cool I've got a villager in the
boat with me so now I just need to go
back to my
base but I think I'm going to end this
video right here if you liked this this
video you could leave me a like or hit
the Subscribe button and if you want to
help support this channel you could make
a donation on my coffee page I'll leave
a link in the description below thank
you so much for watching and I'll see
you in the next video see
youting Fade Into the bright
blue turn the Dust s